h1. BioReports

Jekyll template for shared report generation.

h2. What is BioReports?

This is a Jekyll site framework meant to be used in conjunction with a "Custom version of Jekyll":https://github.com/vlandham/jekyll and "Hastie":https://github.com/vlandham/hastie - a command line tool for quick report creation.

h2. How to use?

Clone this repository to a location accessible by all people who need to make reports.

<pre>
git clone git@github.com:vlandham/hastie.git /shared/drive/location/bioreports_source
</pre>

Create a @server@ branch of the BioReports repository

<pre>
git branch server
git checkout server
</pre>

Modify the @.gitignore@ in the server branch to remove exclusions of @_posts/@ and @data@.

Modify @_config.yml@ and @_server_config.yml@ as you see fit.

Add more plugins or javascript or css.

Ensure you have the forked version of Jekyll accessible to all report creators.

<pre>
which jekyll
# /shared/gems/custom/jekyll
</pre>

Ensure you have Hastie accessible to all report creators.

Create @.hastie@ files for all users to point to @bioreports_source@ location.

<pre>
hastie config /shared/drive/location/bioreports_source
</pre>

Now when you use @hastie publish@ it should publish to your @bioreports_source@ directory which will in turn update your @bioreports@ page.

Enjoy!

Also, see "Hastie Readme":https://github.com/vlandham/hastie for more information on the motivation of this project, as well as how to run Hastie.

h2. BioReports Features

There are a number of tools built into BioReports that are useful to our setup. Your mileage may vary.

h3. _plugins/

* liquid_table_block.rb
** quickly convert tsv or csv content to an html table.
* liquid_all_links.rb
** Provide paths to files on shared drives - no matter the OS.
* liquid_data_link.rb
** Generate a separate table page for large files. Place button to find this file in the report.
* generic_index.rb
** ripped off another site. Used to generate report lists for labs (categories).

h3. js/

* d3
** For future plans to automate visualizations
* bootstrap
** version of twitter bootstrap - just in cases
* jquery 1.6.2
** Everyone needs jquery - right?
* tablesorter
** Make every table a fancy table
* picnet table
** For large tables
* jquery tableofcontents
** automate creation of TOC
* script.js
** Add show / hide and other features automatically to report sections

h3. css/

* reset.css
** based on html5boilerplate style.css
* style.css
** custom stylings for custom tables, images, etc.

h3. layouts/

* report.html
** Nice looking start for your reports

h3. posts/

* some example posts to get you started
